https://issues.redhat.com/browse/ACM-4706 Adding network prereq for obs (#5250)
open-cluster-management/rhacm-docs: observability/observability_enable.adoc

 
- You must install {product-title}. See link:../install/install_connected.adoc#installing-while-connected-online[Installing while connected online] for more information.
- You must define a storage class in the `MultiClusterObservability` custom resource, if there is no default storage class specified.

> - Direct network access to the is required. Network access to loadbalancers and proxies are not supported. For more information, see link:https://access.redhat.com/documentation/en-us/red_hat_advanced_cluster_management_for_kubernetes/2.5/html-single/install/index#network-configuration[Network configuration] in the _Installation_ chapter.

Author: ```suggestion
- Direct network access to the hub cluster is required. Network access to load balancers and proxies are not supported. For more information, see link:https://access.redhat.com/documentation/en-us/red_hat_advanced_cluster_management_for_kubernetes/2.5/html-single/install/index#network-configuration[Network configuration] in the _Installation_ chapter.
```

> - Direct network access to the hub cluster is required. Network access to load balancers and proxies are not supported. For more information, see link:https://access.redhat.com/documentation/en-us/red_hat_advanced_cluster_management_for_kubernetes/2.5/html-single/install/index#network-configuration[Network configuration] in the _Installation_ chapter.

Author: ```suggestion
- Direct network access to the hub cluster is required. Network access to load balancers and proxies are not supported. For more information, see link:https://access.redhat.com/documentation/en-us/red_hat_advanced_cluster_management_for_kubernetes/2.8/html-single/install/index#network-configuration[Network configuration] in the _Installation_ chapter.
```

> - Direct network access to the hub cluster is required. Network access to load balancers and proxies are not supported. For more information, see link:https://access.redhat.com/documentation/en-us/red_hat_advanced_cluster_management_for_kubernetes/2.8/html-single/install/index#network-configuration[Network configuration] in the _Installation_ chapter.

Author: ```suggestion
- Direct network access to the hub cluster is required. Network access to load balancers and proxies are not supported. For more information, see link:../networking/networking_intro.adoc#networking[Networking].
```

> //is this the appropriate link^

Reviewer: for some reason I don't see that file;

It may be a good idea to link instead to the actual networking book (probably the intro unless you can confirm that only the hub topic is relevant and not the advanced config.

Reviewer: otherwise it looks good.
